docs: dynamic theme colors (#3429)
callstack/react-native-paper: docs/pages/2.theming.mdx

  );
}
```

## Creating dynamic theme colors

Dynamic Color Themes allows for generating two color schemes lightScheme and darkScheme, based on the provided source color. 
Created schemes are following the Material Design 3 color system and covering colors structure from the Paper theme. User may generate these schemes using the following tool:

<DynamicColorTheme />

<br />

Passed source color into the util is translated into tones to automatically provide the range of tones that map to color roles. 

 <img class="medium" src="screenshots/custom-colors.png" />

 <i>Source: [Material You Color System](https://m3.material.io/styles/color/the-color-system/custom-colors)</i>

### Using schemes:

> Once we have copied the color schemes from the generated JSON, we can use pass it to the colors in `theme` object as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have copied the color schemes from the generated JSON above, we can use by passing it to the colors in `theme` object as below:
```
